well as the second day of worlds groups
with coverage presented by mobile it
exciting right now by Peter paying
himself after what was a very confident
methodical easy step-by-step victory
over flash flows would you describe it
that way yeah that was that was just so
easy I was the first one of my lifes
brought to you by mobility there you go
there you go okay so let's talk about
that game because I think everybody's
like well like even Kelsey Moser who
loves to discount na she was saying you
know and I could get a 3o today he'll be
easy and then we get in that game and
just weird starts happening why did
all that go down well
flash wolves just executed really well I
think their comp really they can
one-shot really easily and if you get
hit by said Realty then you're gonna get
very stilted and then tarik stunned and
then schedule a does hurt II so I feel
like we just got caught a lot by that
and it was really stupid of us but we
felt really far behind early and then in
the middle of the game I think all of us
just realized how far behind we were and
we're just like yeah we definitely can
never fight them for the next like ten
minutes so let's just go for trades and
go for basically stalling them out and
making sure that they can't get what
they want and I think we did a really
good job doing that that's something
that 2016 TSM would never be able to do
is just like play a controlled game from
behind but yeah when the game gets like
50 minutes and all the in Hibbs are open
and there was like elder and baron
coming up and stuff that just comes down
to like split-second decision-making and
team fighting there's just multiple
moments in that game where I they seemed
could have won and it just came down to
those like small decisions from the
players I was gonna ask would you guys
have lost that game last year at Worlds
and you kind of mentioned this with you
know 2016 yes I'm one able to do this
but same game last year at Worlds just
TSM lose that yeah we would have just
gotten stomped if it was last year
Justin last year I think we relied on
getting early leads to win and now I
think we're so much more flexible of a
team we can stomp on your head and we
can come back when we're behind and
that's what I think one of the things
that makes us really scary and people
will praise this really highly for that
but yeah hopefully we don't do you rail
that hype train the hype train is back
again I don't understand how it happens
every year for some reason I don't
understand
yeah it's like the definition of
insanity is a same thing over no expect
the results yeah okay so yesterday I'm
interviewing gorilla and he said that
part of the reason he believes in you
guys he's like you know I like to
believe in TSM but he also said I said
sir it's broken and you're really good
so that's why he thinks you guys can
actually go for our in this tournament
do you think that's a fair statement I
think I'm okay
and yeah already since the streak broken
that's what you see at every game almost
every game am i I don't know I think I'm
definitely better than I was last year
but you know that game I I don't know if
that was a good game to show it I just
need to keep playing consistently you
know even after that game I was so
nervous like after the game on my hands
was just shaking super hard you think
that after playing for seven years I
wouldn't get like shakes after a game
but yeah
playing on the world stage is really
hard our opponents are really good so
we'll see I think seven years of fans
watching Worlds and they're still
getting shakes as well like you're
shaking everybody else is shaking it's
like dear God now what what do you think
of coming to China have you had any
interesting interactions with fans or
what do you think the Chinese fans
because I have noticed that there are a
lot of people and like there was a shot
before as you guys are in champs like
they show some of the audience and she's
just holding a trash can and there's a
lot of people like I I was walking
around there's a fan up that saw me and
I don't think he knew who I was but he
was like I said he was saying hi and I
said what favorite team series they're
like team Lee and our team w/e and then
I'm like okay that's cool anybody else
things like TSM and I was like okay TSM
versatile Yui who wins and you didn't
understand it but he just looked at me
was like double lift
so so what's a great answer but do you
do you feel like do you enjoy being in
China from a fan perspective yeah do the
fans are super nice here they're so
passionate I don't think I've ever had
that kind of experience outside of na
actually where there's there's just so
many fans for stuff and like you'll just
go and anywhere around our hotel or even
inside our hotel and there's just fans
you know in the halls and stuff in there
they're going crazy because they see you
and they want your photo and signature
and like I think that's normal but the
fangirls there's a lot of them and
they're super nice they bring you gifts
they're super sweet and I don't even
speak Chinese so they do they do their
best to speak English even though they
probably not very comfortable doing that
are those nice with Bonnie no they're
not as nice as obviously but
there's a lot of I mean I was just
surprised of like you know because the
day it's like maybe like 80 20 years
something like that in terms of fan
distribution but um I remember last year
at Worlds after we lost I had a
particular experience the Chinese Chan
if you're out there somewhere I love you
but um he it was a guy he after we lost
I was feeling really sad I was like
depressed in the hotel lobby and I was
just getting a drink and so I mean
though I'm in the lobby and he comes
with me and he's like and he had like a
really thick accent but he was super
excited he was like don't worried you
next year you will do it like you'll get
it and he's like never give up don't
give up next year you'll get it and I
think he's obviously referring to the
World Championship so I was like wow
this guy he's so nice like it was so
inspiring so I took a little break but I
always in the spring split but I always
thought about his words you know how he
like believed in me even though I
the bed in groups last year there are a
lot of people here I will say you know I
I like to somewhat satirically but also
somewhat honestly cheer a lot for North
America on on social media and a lot of
people just say no double is gonna
the bed like doorbell at an
international tournament or doublelift
always chokes or whatever do you do you
feel any of that pressure or do you feel
like you have solved whatever issues you
had before I mean what what's going on
on that front I think as a fan it's so
it's just like real easy to say that
someone choked when really they're just
bad and because you're making an excuse
to that person being like well he took
but really he's like amazing and he
would done really well I think last
world's and most international
tournaments there's some games where I
play badly but I think for the most part
mostly games I'm playing at my level but
last of all is I was just bad and na
teams are generally just bad like just
look at our results and you can't be
choking every single time or else it's
not really choking so yeah this this
year I think I'm a lot more competent
and even if I'm having a bad game I
think well hopefully I can pull it
together and not have like a bad
performance but it's all about just
being confident and not really worrying
about like the pressure is not really
thinking about like oh I'm playing good
I'm playing bad compared to my normal
level just making sure your normal level
is like really high so I'm just going on
that our flash wolves your greatest
opponent in your group are you more
worried about either or the other two oh
man I think flash mob seems really solid
really solid fundamentals I think
they're gonna make it out of the group
for sure I don't know about us but flash
will seem really strong w/e people tell
me that they're either the best of the
worst LPL team so I don't really know
what that means but hopefully we catch
them when they're being bad and I'm
really just cautious about W because
people say that at their best they're
the best LPL to you yeah
alright do you have anything there are
so many any fans that you know have so
much of a hope and belief in you and
apparently a lot of Korean fans that
play for professional Korean teams at
Worlds that are also have a lot of faith
that I hope with you guys is there
anything that you want to say uh just
thank you guys for believing in us
thanks for believing in to me I'm always
surprised there's double fans out there
who tied me up and think I'm gonna do
well cuz that gives me a lot of
confidence and I feel really good of my
fans believe in me so yeah hopefully
this was I could make you guys proud and
we won't walk away with another set any
yeah we're good well thank you so much
for the interview double left excited to
see what is in store for the rest of
worlds for in also you can check the
rest of our coverage of all things
Worlds right here on my youtube channel
about analytics